It's been about a month since the last update, but as of now, I've finished the ability for the Esp32 boards to send their images to a simple web socket server I have set up on the same network.
This sort of setup s fine for testing as of now, and extendable later. I have, however, run into an issue with the sensors. I can't get them to reliably work with the ESP32 over I2C, and documentation of the libraries Like TwoWire or Wire boils down to reading the header and C++ files.

I've tried everything I can to my knowledge, but am unable to get the sensors to work. FOr now then, I'll focus on the other parts.

Now that I can communicate between the board and a server, I'll need a simple transmission/packet format to receive/send data reliably. To make it simple, I send two packets, the first being a fixed/length packet with the image buffer information, and also the sensor readings:

```c
size_t imgSize = getImageBuffersize();
String size = String("[" + String(imgSize) + "]");
String packet = String(size+"#["+CANON_NAME+"]#[Temperature]#[Humidity]#[Pressure]#[Dewpoint]XX");
String padded_data = leftpad_str(packet, 64, 'X');
```
CANON_NAME is a unique id given to each board as a global, so I can assciate the readings with a location, and makes a potential database association easier. The packet ends up looking like this:

```c
"XXXX[SIZE(BYTES)]#[NAME]#[TEMP]#[HUMIDITY]#[PRESSURE]#[DEWPOINT]XX"
```
The Xs and '#'s act like buffers and give a better way to separate data cleanly.

The next thing on the agenda is moving the server from Python to Java to get better multithreading support. There's also the finer controls and stronger typing in Java, and the fact that server-related tasks is where the language really shines. I will most likely in the future be using some local database to store the readings, as store each individual reading in a file isn't feasible. For database interfacing, I much prefer Java over Python, but I will still use Python for example: exporting the database data to Excel spreadsheets, file manipulation, graphing, and data analysis.

Overall, lots of progress.