The previous iteration of the project used the ESP32-WROVER-CAM from Freenove due to it being the most widely used and affordable. In this iteration I decided to use the ESP32S3 from Freenove. I did this because: 
- It's now equipped with a secondary USB-OTG capable USB-C port, as well as the main UART now being USB-C.
- It supports Ultra Low Power Modes with overall better power efficiency.
- It has additional support for vector instructions, meaning more efficient vector-based calculations such as image processing and compression.
- Increased Flash and PSRAM up to 8MB
- SD Card support w/ an included 1GB SD Card.
- Better WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity.

Despite these positives, I ran into the fact that while these boards are better, they're newer, meaning driver support for them in micropython is lacking, including micropython driver support for the main DVP port connecting the included OV2640. This also means getting them to work with the OV5640 later would prove even more difficult. In the past, since micropython doesn't come with camera support by default, I relied on a custom firmware made by [Mauro Riva and Lorenz Gruber](https://github.com/lemariva/micropython-camera-driver).

It's time to move over to Arduino then. The support for the ESP32-S3 in Arduino seems robust, leaving me with not much of a choice. I've managed already to get readings from the BMP390 and SHT31-D, as well as stream the camera content to a local webage.
While this sounds like no big feat, because of the low-level nature of it, it's surpringly complex. With few usual high level abstractions to rely on, something taken for granted like listing the directories of the SDCard becomes a task in itself:

```python

void listDir(fs::FS &fs, const char * dirname, uint8_t levels){
    Serial.printf("Listing directory: %s\n", dirname);

    File root = fs.open(dirname);
    if(!root){
        Serial.println("Failed to open directory");
        return;
    }
    if(!root.isDirectory()){
        Serial.println("Not a directory");
        return;
    }

    File file = root.openNextFile();
    while(file){
        if(file.isDirectory()){
            Serial.print("  DIR : ");
            Serial.println(file.name());
            if(levels){
                listDir(fs, file.path(), levels -1);
            }
        } else {
            Serial.print("  FILE: ");
            Serial.print(file.name());
            Serial.print("  SIZE: ");
            Serial.println(file.size());
        }
        file = root.openNextFile();
    }
}

```

Development seemingly shouldn't be much more complex than this, though I know that phrase will come back to bite me.
The plan now is to attempt to move to the Arduino language to control the ESP32S3 boards, while updating two existing ESP32 WROVER boards I have to work better with the previous code. I would prefer to keep interop.
