So far I haven't managed to get networking working as intended to send data over a simple web socket on my local network in C++. I've been following [The Cherno's](https://www.youtube.com/@TheCherno) C++ videos. From here on out, the idea of migrating the project to C++/Arduino seems like a waste, especially with the next semester fast approaching, along with important exam retakes. It seems more time effective if I admit my mistake of wanting more modern features in the project hardware.
I've decided with the fast appraoaching effective deadline of the first week in August, my plan will be two-fold:

    1. Use the two ESP32 WROVER boards I have which are compitable with my python code to demonstrate the functionality. They are effectively finished and ready to be used to show further functionality.

    2. Expand the functionality past transmitting the image and sensor data. The next milestones will be: 
        i.   Cloud height and size estimation.
        ii.  Cloud movement vector calculation
        iii. Statistical Analysis of cloud categories.
        iv.  Cloud category assignment.

    3. Become more proficient in C++/Arduino programming in the background and slowly migrate the existing functionality to the other platform.

    4. Look to maybe having a mixed-language approach on a single board. This would mean being able to use unique features within both languages, such as:
        i.   The built in object detection support of Arduino. This means having the ability to possibly some vector calculations and other image pre-processing ahead of transmission.
        ii.  The incredibly simple networking of Python. 
        iii. The speed and memory usage gains of using C++ for interfacing with sensors and other peripherals.

The improvements in performance of option 3 are not just from the hardware. Programming these boards in a low level language allows for better control, power efficiency and speed. As of now going forward, I am sticking with the older style WROVER boards and Python as the main language so that the project can be completed in a more timely fashion.
On a personal note, the laptop I used for development suddenly shut down and wouldn't turn back on. It apparently took both my drives with it, meaning I'm once again one to two versions behind. My development system now is the same i5 3210M I mentioned some time ago. As one can imagine, development time has slowed.